welcome to the vacation cart it is
in the middle of summer the weather is nice and it is
holidays
yes, and of course great fun if you
For example, have a vacation with now
vacation but she goes on vacation herself
by car
yes you do that for a while and of course
then it is as nice as doing something
have everything is that car ride would be you
she knows those clothes that you end
thinks its limited mia
then you just stay but also the
Afsluitdijk well we have
a top 5 of holiday games for
in the car to get a little fun too
to give
yes start by 5 no yes no no how
is it good of you good in your skin yes
no , you are sometimes a good yes
not at all think how is it good of it
you
good in your skin yes I know late becomes yes
ok afternoon
game number 4 for when you're on the move
You have of course been around for a while
Why wouldn't you just take a course or one
learn a hobby exactly like playing the guitar
dinner date
is almost hd cut the pin
three that is the
no sound clip yes may begin
help yes there is a variety yes well so cold
that he is smart ion
in was the song behind the dunes
the muscle houses
i like him well i will still do you with
sound
work when the weather is fair oh oh
should not be targeted by it is yes
movie 2 is of course an old-time
classic
us happen to call it an animal can do it
also with cities or with objects and
the last letter of the animal is before
the other again the initial letter of 4
let's start right away i say giraffe
that is a yes i say a role ok so say so
I left nothing to finish
well just say i say learn to do x
it according to games
with the twingo yes so it is that
go hawk eye
that is not the case
click to you because me and anke it falls
want to have
yes me yes too
yes but because of that peace that green
yes what do you keep as a to me
think in the three girls let me you
flat hand
yes we are going to get the proof yes shows
yes yes so let your gun twingo
Well come then must we do like bars
proclaim
this was the top of our holiday games
I hope you have a nice vacation and
especially nice vacation ride
yes we enjoy the holiday after the
vacation again the coen and sander
show murky and yes by fun at that
you a car like that
the rates